# Bundle Working Group Meetings

## October 13, 2021

### Participants

|       Name         | Initials | Affiliation |
| ------------------ | -------- | ----------- |
| Jaime Rodriguez-G. |   JRG    |  Quansight  |
| Laura Marcos       |   LM     |  CZI        |

### Summary

#### 1. Napari menu items / shortcuts on MacOS / Linux

- Jaime had to patch `menuinst` (a `conda` dependency that governs the menu creation for `conda` packages) to provide support for Linux and MacOS targets. PRs submitted to `conda/menuinst`
- Menu metadata is being generated at https://github.com/conda-forge/napari-feedstock/pull/29
- Windows was tested through AWS Workspaces, MacOS locally. Both OSs work!
- However, testing on Linux was trickier due to Docker / GL / whatnot. Check next section to see what Jaime tried and what we can do now. Anyway, menu items seem to work on Linux too! Binder only provides XFCE, so it would be nice to try other DE like Gnome, KDE, Cinnamon or Mate.

#### 2. Deploying a Linux development environment with a functioning desktop

- Jaime tried several things:
    - Running Virtualbox locally (too slow)
    - Installing a VM on AWS Workspaces Windows. Felt wrong; left that as a last idea.
    - Trying out [`remocolab`](https://github.com/demotomohiro/remocolab) on Google Colab; kicked out after 5 mins because it violates TOS.
    - Trying out [`gitpod` following this guide](https://www.gitpod.io/blog/native-ui-with-vnc). Requires preconfiguring some Dockerfiles ([example](https://github.com/gitpod-io/definitely-gp/tree/master/vscode))
        - This might be a nice addition to our repo configs.
    - Developing on Binder. This worked! But you are disconnected after 5 mins of inactivity

#### 3. Napari user at Anaconda.org

- Solved! We have access now.
- This will enable us to start building nightly packages for conda

### Next steps

- More menu item debugging and have Anaconda merge and release the contributed changes.
- Build a nightly packaging pipeline for conda packages and push to anaconda.org/napari.