# napari documentation working group

- Zoom meeting: https://czi.zoom.us/j/96831524360 (even if it says that it's the one for september 15th.)
- Link to the HackMD: https://hackmd.io/10DKrIMhREmk9sa_QRirlg
- Content Project Board: https://github.com/orgs/napari/projects/12
- Engineering & Design: https://github.com/orgs/napari/projects/11/views/1

## 2022-03-30


### Last week's action items

- [ ] Melissa & Tom will pair on outstanding audit items, converting to issue with checklist and putting together PRs
- [x] Melissa will work on gallery/examples
- [x] [name=Juan] Come up with 'wireframe' low fidelity proposal for main messages and components we want on the home page for community feedback

### Agenda

- LFS
    - Decision to be made: assets repo vs Github issue file hosting as full solution
    - let more people weigh in
- audit follow-up
    - much of the recs have happened in melissa's work
    - outstanding items are mostly focused on home page
    - todo: improvements to community page
- Cadence of this meeting
    - will move to a biweekly meeting
- Upcoming engineering work
    - autogenerated movies (led by Melissa)
    - MVP sample data to inform more robust needs
- Leadership of this meeting
    - Juan will co-lead w/ Justin
- Home page inspo: matplotlib
- Content prioritisation
    - reference points:
        - Tom's audit
        - Melissa's audit
        - [Prioritization from last fall](https://app.mural.co/t/czi5873/m/czi5873/1634165235277/69ac8abbe0898af83ba53e3cdf1ba064334f1205?sender=ud9cba0013548876ceb378837)
    - new content
        - FAQ from common image.sc questions
        - installation guide

### Next week's action items

- [ ] Draga to open PR for "add doc git-free" with new suggestion for images
------


At the end of the meeting:
- Copy the contents of this document to a new file in https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes/new/main/2022/working-groups/documentation
- Clear out the Agenda from last meeting
