# napari documentation working group

- Zoom meeting: https://czi.zoom.us/j/96831524360 (even if it says that it's the one for september 15th.)
- Link to the HackMD: https://hackmd.io/10DKrIMhREmk9sa_QRirlg
- Content Project Board: https://github.com/orgs/napari/projects/12
- Engineering & Design: https://github.com/orgs/napari/projects/11/views/1

## 2022-03-23


### Last week's action items

- [ ] [name=Justin] prioritize issues from Tom's audit & revisit project board as a team
- [ ] Draga to open PR for "add doc git-free" with new suggestion for images
- [ ] Melissa & Tom will pair on outstanding audit items, converting to issue with checklist and putting together PRs
- [x] Melissa will work on gallery/examples
- [x] [name=Juan] Come up with 'wireframe' low fidelity proposal for main messages and components we want on the home page for community feedback

### Agenda

- Any further movement on LFS?
- Juan has opened [#4275](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/4275), we need reviews
- 

### Next week's action items

- [ ] Content prioritisation
------


At the end of the meeting:
- Copy the contents of this document to a new file in https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes/new/main/2022/working-groups/documentation
- Clear out the Agenda from last meeting
