# napari documentation working group

- Zoom meeting: https://czi.zoom.us/j/96831524360 (even if it says that it's the one for september 15th.)
- Link to the HackMD: https://hackmd.io/10DKrIMhREmk9sa_QRirlg
- Content Project Board: https://github.com/orgs/napari/projects/12
- Engineering & Design: https://github.com/orgs/napari/projects/11/views/1

## 2022-04-13


### Last week's action items

- [ ] Melissa & Tom will pair on outstanding audit items, converting to issue with checklist and putting together PRs


### Agenda

- [x] decision re: LFS?
    - [ ] Draga to open PR for "add doc git-free" with new suggestion for images
- [ ] Review of Fall Prirotization
- [ ] Review of Tom's audit
    - [ ] Tutorials: Expand explanations and context for tutorials "sections" (Annotation, Processing, Segmentation, Tracking, etc).
        - napari value prop for this use case
        - call to action to share more
    - [ ] Workshops: Revise. Surface more content. Embed videos. Embed playlist?
        - Sphinx cards
        - Upcoming
        - CTA
    - [ ] Community
        - [ ] Surface high priority content to Community landing page
        - [ ] Stats on the community
    - [ ] Roadmap
        - [ ] Needs improvement

### Next week's action items

- [ ] Landing "minimal" version of homepage redesign

------


At the end of the meeting:
- Copy the contents of this document to a new file in https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes/new/main/2022/working-groups/documentation
- Clear out the Agenda from last meeting
