## 2022/09/22

### Agenda

- Andy: async slicing implementation plan
    - Dedicated PR reviewer to accelerate dev?
    - Future goal of grant: community manager to assign reviewers.
    - Code-owner could help to make assignment easier. Could have equivalent code-reviewer for getting larger sub-projects through. First PR in this context [#4993](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/4993)
    - Separate repo?
        - Maybe not much benefit in this case as async slicing is tightly coupled to core napari.
    - Plugin?
        - Patch core code. Maybe not a good idea.
        - If we go this route, look at what Robert Haase does (modifying code before napari starts for real).
        - Easy for anyone to experiment with. But that could also be done with a preference (as before).
    - Best of both worlds: dev branch.
        - Preferred approach for Grzegorz and Lorenzo.
        - Definitely preferred to monkey patching core code.
        - Having other people's eyes on it can sometimes be useful. Makes it easier for other developers to review and try it out.
    - Initially: by default sync, force async
        - E.g. with context manager
        - Having tests for async specifically
- Lorenzo: deep changes in EventedModels: worth it? [#5060](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/5060)
    - created separate extra-pydantic package to fix some pydantic behavior around generic evented containers
        - monkey patches pydantic to fixed models with eventedlist, etc.
    - is talley working on extra-pydantic? maybe, but mostly lorenzo's work
    - how much maintenance does this need, given updates to pydantic might break it?
        - if we want to make this work, need automated testing for new pydantic versions
    - these are pydantic issues
        - hope is that these will be fixed in pydantic 2
    - could write our own validation library to replace pydantic
        - need at least a few core-devs (at least more than one) who can maintain a sub-package like this
        - hard to match docs and support of widely used libraries
    - does pydantic's GenericModel help?
        - probably not because this an issue with field validation
    - why not make a PR to pydantic?
        - pretty sure this will be rejected
        - based on previous interactions
    - this will not provide nested validation, because it's too expensive
- Lorenzo: exposing [vispy instanced rendering](https://github.com/vispy/vispy/pull/2378/files#diff-4ad19617bd693a2824b06df6beb9414544d5afaf4ebca5012d6b4d0f1729af41)
    - AKA fancy markers
    - instanced rendering needs GL+ context
    - this (surprisingly) works on at least one mac
        - compat vs core profile
    - geometry shaders needs GL4 compat profile
        - but mac doesn't provide core profile equivalent
    - vispy PR should get in soon
    - want to expose it in napari
        - meshes
        - isosurface volumes (maybe more complicated)
    - what would the API look like for users?
        - one desire was oriented points
        - something like a points layer, but would accept a mesh and reserved names for coordinates and orientations of vertices
    - what type of data would benefit
        - cryo-EM: volumetric imaging data, want to visualize when particles (e.g. proteins) are
            - currently need to use a point + 3 vectors
            - would prefer to position a mesh or isosurface, with a shift and orientation
            - inefficent if just copy mesh for each node
    - can we make existing layers accept coordinates + orientations to make it instanced?
        - does this relate to layer groups?

### Action items

- Andy: review #5060
- Lorenzo: will try something out for instanced rendering, will likely implement a new layer type and likely a new simpler vispy visual
- Lorenzo: may potentially pick-up layer group, with Grzegorz as support
- Kyle: will stay engaged with instanced rendering
