## 2022/07/05

### Agenda

- Andy: simple async slicing proto updates
    - https://github.com/napari/napari/compare/main...andy-sweet:napari:async-slice-small-block
    - guarding access to layer state with a lock can make this work, but we'd still need to handle running some things on the main thread and public events that may be emitted from the slicing thread
    - currently blocks the main thread in some cases, likely because of _update_draw
    - we could added finer grained locks, but my preferred long term approach is the static response/request handling (because the program flow is simpler and you don't need to worry about deadlocks)
- Andy: async slicing proposal updates
    - Clean prototype: https://github.com/andy-sweet/napari/compare/main...andy-sweet:napari:async-slice-proto
        - Can bring in others' code into this.
        - Should add examples/benchmarks.
        - Useful for people to pull down and play with/understand while reading the NAP.
    - Thumbnails
        - Should this be an output of slicing?
        - Current approach needs more (and less) than vispy rendering pipeline. Specifically things like `colormap`, which may be a little heavier to copy (but may still be able to reference the ndarrays).
        - Could we do some surgery now on main? E.g. how about defining `QtViewer._layer_to_thumbnail`? Could we also define things like `ImageThumbnail` so that we could handle things like colormap changes more efficiently (i.e. no need to retrieve whole data again).
    - Existing slice state
        - Likely need to support this initially (i.e. encapsulate, atomically write after slice is done).
        - This would also allow us to use `_update_thumbnail`, which solves the thumbnail problem for us.
    - world2grid transform
        - This currently enables grid-mode and is efficient (i.e. no need to re-slice layers)
        - This is more like a scene-only transform rather than a data/world transform. Could we separate it from others? May be problems with mouse events.
        - Just read this in vispy layer set slice, which is running on the main thread
    - Other BC concerns
        - Should `current_step` cause a sync slice? If so, should we add a new event for async slicing?
            - Juan: async, also add a sync version
        - What should `refresh` do? Should it update the canvas synchronously too? Could it just emit an event?
        - Should we continue to support `set_view_slice`?
        - Also consider playback.
        - Should we continue to emit `set_data` event? If so, when?
        

### Action items

- Andy: update state atomically with points
