## 2022/06/07

### Agenda

- Revisit action items
- Andy: present rough async slicing ideas and prototypes
    - Only if there are people that were not present last time
- Andy: can we merge text + color now?
    - https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/4464
    - Next steps on encoding implementation? NAP for overall approach, or use zulip/github for reaching consensus on details?
    - Instead of dims_displayed, a dict/mapping that goes from dimension name to int, slice, range, None
        - But maybe save for future work. Should have some solid ideas here.
    - `Layer.data` as part of input
        - There should be a way to output none/sentinel to indicate there is not output from sampling (e.g. cancellation or data.setter used and weakref died)
    - Offsetting 2D images could go into vispy image layer.
    - Need to support faster updates of individual layers
        - E.g. to-come napariboard example
        - Would need to clear current samples to avoid jarring visualization.
        - Probably a must-have, especially if this is easy and doesn't require much extra input/effort.
    - Multi-threaded sampler
        - delay queue to give priority to fast layers, and to avoid uncancellable/stale jobs
        - Must-have future work that should not be blocked by first pass.
    - ptime: tool for telling us whether multi-threading in python should speed up a function call 

### Action items

- Andy: use profiling tools to understand what is slow in async slicing of points
- Andy: understand why simple/broken async works
