## 2022/03/24

### Agenda

- Grzegorz: plugin workflow/compute graph
    - Layer type is more complex than is needed for most workflows
    - Using a simpler type could allow interaction with other packages
    - Performance is not really the issue because processing will dominate
    - Is LayerDataTuple enough?
        - What happens when a plugin only takes ImageData?
        - Second element `dict` is too loose a specification on what is needed (e.g. transform-related state may be required).
- Grzegorz: binary extensions of napari
    - Processing large arrays with a labels layer
        - 1000s of components/label values, need to create many large layers or do measurements over all components over the whole range of the array
        - bounding box would be useful to create smaller layers or pass the region through
    - Nice to have: bounding box of each labels region, events emitted when drawing new label values stops
        - Currently done with cython: is that encouraged?
        - Would be nice to do something with numpy instead, but there are performance issues.
        - Could this be built-in to napari?
        - Not for PartSeg, but could be useful for others [implementation from PartSeg](https://github.com/4DNucleome/PartSegCore-compiled-backend/blob/494dee185a3a965f90ba06aacdd1a896d0681fe1/src/PartSegCore_compiled_backend/utils.pyx)
        - Hard problems
            - could overwrite existing labels, which would shrink their bounding boxes.
            - multi-value in-place modification
            - zarr dask arrays: slow updates
        
    
### Action items

- [Andy]: Follow-up with plugin working group around priority and goals of formalizing workflows
- Experimental support or prototype for bounding boxes in labels layer.
    - Could use PartSeg implementation as a starting point, but need to think about support for other array types like zarr and dask.
