## August 24, 2022

|          Name          | Affiliation|  
| ---------------------- | -----------|
| Jun | CZI |
| Jaime | Quansight |
| Ziyang | CZI
| Isabela | Quansight |
| Pam | Quansight |
| Gonzalo | Quansight |

### Summary
- Meeting times
    - Update calendar event to be every other week
    - Move meeting time 1 hour later
- [name=Isabela] presenting the plugin manager design mock up 
    - Related to [napari/napari #4952](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/4952)
    - Discussion on what's the minimum requirements we need and what we need to cut to avoid scope creep
- Gonzalo
    - Update for he and Jaime. Working on backend of installation manager.
    - Installation manager and plugin manager overlap and may benefit from overlaping.
- Jaime:
    - Caught up with all the "ready-for-review" recipes Gonzalo had put on staged-recipes
    - Started a CI pipeline for "installability" analysis for our plugins. PR in progress here. The end goal is to have metadata that allows us to predict with reasonable whether a plugin is compatible with our current napari or not before the Install button is pressed. What we do with that metadata (prevent, warn, advice) is still pending discussion.
    - Brainstormed with Gonzalo about the role of the plugin manager vs the installation manager. There's significant functionality overlap between both when it comes to installing/updating/removing plugins in a given napari installation (which, let's remember, is nothing more than a managed conda environment). If we consider the plugin manager one more plugin itself, we can choose not to include it in the bundle, and instead forward that functionality over to the installation manager, the UI of which might come preactivated for that specific installation if called from a running napari instance. We still need to study this structure a bit more, but it looks like a good way to reuse components both in terms of backend functionality and frontend design.