## July 27, 2022

|          Name          | Affiliation|  
| ---------------------- | -----------|
| Jun | CZI |
| Gonzalo | Quansight |
| Jaime | Quansight |
| Isabela | Quansight |
| Ziyang | CZI

### Summary

- Getting our bearings and next steps with NAP signed, H2 goals, and new repo. Let's return to the [project board](https://github.com/orgs/napari/projects/10).
    - Needs to be based on h2 milestones
    - action: jun will create new project board and will bring it to the next wg meeting for us to refinetogether. milestone groupings iwll be based off of feature roadmap 
- Isabela: checking in on the UX work on the timeline and making sure I didn't drop the ball on something.
    - Jaime: this discussion can start with about half the backend work done.
    - Jun: we should check the user flow and meet up about it to make sure we can map our the user experience
- Ziyang: follow up on meeting feedback. How is this meeting fitting or supporting our needs?
    - Jaime: most of project milestone updates could probably done async.
    - Gonzalo: both async and in person versions work.
    - Isabela: presenting work would be useful to do in person
    - We need to check [working group docs agreements](https://napari.org/stable/community/working_groups.html) to make sure we are keeping community promises.
- Decision: Team to meet every other wednesday. Updates in zulip for the alternating wednesdays when we don't meet 
    - action: Jaime volunteered to start a weekly zulip thread in our working group for updates, discussions, and community shareout
    - action:Ziyang is looking into updating the working group community invite to be every other week

#### Plugin migration state

- Current plugins on napari-hub: 208
  - Current plugins available on conda-forge: 161
  - Current plugins with PR on conda-forge: 45
  - Missing PR on conda-forge: 2
- Created for dependencies: 68