# Napari developer meetings

## 2022-03-17

### This week's Agenda

- Juan: [home page update PR, #4275](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/4275)
    - content
    - ideas for generating movie in sphinx from a bunch of NumPy arrays
    - ideas for implementing side-by-side calendar and twitter feed.
- Juan: new non-lfs approach to docs
    - Juan prefers drag-and-drop hosted by GitHub.
        - Pros: single repo, essentially unlimited storage, very easy contribution path for git newbies, git clone is always small, website itself is small (making it easy to have versioning and potentially even deploy PRs)
        - Cons: pngs/gifs/movies are not under version control, contributing those files *requires* using the GH Web UI.
    - Talley prefers totally separate docs repo
        - Pros: git-only contribution path, almost as simple deployment if we ignore space issues, more flexibility with supported files.
            - *talley's thoughts:*
              - version control on our assets is the biggest one for me.  I dislike uploading our docs assets somewhere on the internet and hot-linking... even if that somewhere is github's servers.
        - Cons: if we use submodule, `pip install git+https` will still be huge (?), even if we're not using lfs bandwidth; contribution for git newbies is not as easy; deployment will require external hosting, fancy dedup, or both.
        - *talley's thoughts:*
            - i don't think `pip install git+https` will be huge.  tried running `pip install git+https://github.com/tlambert03/test-submodule` in a new env, it didn't bring down the submodule, and my entire site-packages folder is just 20MB. 
            - i don't think contrib for newbies need be any more difficult.  We could still allow your in-github drag and drop method if you wanted (i.e. it's orthogonal to 2-repo solution - i just dislike it for version control issues mentioned above).  And an "edit this page" on napari.org can easily direct them to the appropriate repo to contribute to.
            - note: the submodule here is optional, and *just* to satisfy juan's desire to `make docs` in napari.  It's not a mandatory part of this.  contributions should be made to the docs repo, not napari.
            - the size of multi-version deployment on gh-pages seems to be the only issue to me, but that seems solvable with a script to host old-version files elsewhere at docs buildtime.
- Talley: plugin-related thing
    - npe2 shim imports npe1 plugins, and we forget npe1 code
    - do we remove the "iteration of reader plugins" behaviour for npe1. Meeting felt like this was ok to remove, because there are workarounds, and the behavior was often confusing anyway even if you knew what you were doing.
- Draga: file selection plugin
    - plugins use display name in UI, but plugin name in command usage. Maybe use both but lowercase/gray the key, like we used to do plugin sort order
- Andy: PR reviews
    - https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/4218
    - https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/4240
- Andy: commit messages
    - core dev merging PRs should be more careful when looking at the commit message so that it remains meaningful and useful to future generations, and GH does not become the sole record of the discussion and change summary.
- Isabella: can folks take another look at https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/4120#issuecomment-1071747329
- **:point_up: ADD YOUR AGENDA ITEMS HERE :point_up:**

### Last week's Agenda

- [name=Andy]: users emitting events
    - Alternative approach to in-place updates
- [name=Ben]: napari telemetry?
    - I'd like to restart this discussion, since I have bandwidth to work on it this half
    - so far we have [this plugin](https://www.napari-hub.org/plugins/napari-error-reporter). work off that? do something else? what should CZI's involvement be?
- [name=Jun]: [ABRF user journey map](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1afcA8XvBb3d2RlWToU07nBEWkbchlw0K/edit#slide=id.g118abff769b_1_0)

## New action items

- Juan: Make NAP-style issue about new docs infra
    
------

At the end of the meeting:
- Copy the contents of this document to a new file in https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes
- Clear out the Agenda from last meeting
